I agree
Zhao Bing asked what you meant
Isn't my meaning obvious enough?
I, Zhao Bingrui, am the president of Shunyang Technology.
I agree to Du Chen's acquisition of Shunyang Technology
What the fuck are you?
You are just a dog raised by our Du family.
What qualifications do you have to agree to his acquisition?
Have you forgotten
Except that the old patriarch has a veto power.
As the founder and president of Shunyang Technology
I have absolute control over Shunyang Technology
The old master Zhao Bingrui treats you well.
Why did you betray the Du family and join this loser?
Because the old master has been kind to me
I don't want to see Du
The Shizai Group was destroyed by people like you.
Compared with Du Feiyun
The second young master is more suitable to be in charge of Shuyang Technology
The ability of the third young master is obvious to all
Mr. Zhao
Did you receive any benefits in private?
The treasure is in the private pocket.
Yeah, that's right.
I'm wondering what you, Zhao Bingrui, have done to deserve this.
Can Du Chen buy it for 3 billion
Acquired Shunyang Technology
So you are the assistant here.
Mr. Zhao, I advise you not to persist in your wrongdoings.
It's not too late to turn back now
You are the ones who are stubborn
The Second Young Master is a thousand times stronger than you.
It's Yang Technology. I have the final say.
Second Master, let's sign the contract.
Zhao Mingrui, you dare to betray me
You wait for me
He is not a traitor.
My woman helps me
Shouldn't it be a matter of course?
This is your woman